opposite Cy HANES studies that she claimed showed sweeteners with no nutritional value
Diet Coke cause weight gain and increased risk of certain diseases.

Although Coca-Cola’s arguments against the suit were not adequate, Judge Willia
prosecutor failed to show that consumers were likely to be deceived by the advertising.

Alsup dismissed the case because Becerra had not met the requirement that “member
likely to be deceived”. “In supermarkets, Diet Coke is displayed next to regular soft drinks a:
health-food section. Reasonable consumers would understand that Diet Coke merely deletes
present in regular Coke, and that the caloric reduction will lead to weight loss only as part of
diet and exercise regimen (#4:3&) dependent on individual metabolism,” Alsup said in the

Alsup said the studies cited by Becerra suggest a correlation between Diet Coke-type
gain, but they do not suggest causation. He added that one of the studies even says that we’
the behavior of consumers, rather than the effects of nonnutritive sweeteners.” Alsup als
that Diet Coke advertising would Suggest to consumers that the soft drink led to weight |
consumers understand that advertising will feature healthy and attractive consumers er
products and will not star the unhealthy and unfit.”

The decision on Tuesday, said that the Prosecutor has until March 22 to file a mo
complaint. A spokesperson for the Coca-Cola company said they were content with the
dismissed prosecutor’s baseless complaint.

51. What was the lawsuit against?

A) One of Coca-Cola’s drinks made people think it would make them thinner.

B) The Coca-Cola company misled people to believe the safety of its products.

©) The advertisements exaggerated the health effects of Diet Coke.

D) The Judge discriminated the consumers in favor of the Coco-Cola company.

52. What are the side effects of sweeteners?

A) They stimulate people’s spirits and make them energetic.

B) They increase people’s weight and the potential possibility of getting sick.

C) They provide nutritious refreshment for fat consumers.

D) They add a nice touch to the soft drinks and make them popular.

53. Why did Judge William Alsup dismiss the charge?

A) Because the prosecutor couldn’t provide solid evidence to support her lawsuit.

B) Because the Coca-Cola company didn’t do anything wrong.

C) Because he was reasonable enough to know the cto of soft drinks.

TD) Baca. Gee. camawmoer.chede ar. chnds.itn ttn

  

 

 
